---
title: About
css: detail-custom
type:
image:
category: about
layout: detail
permalink: /about/
---

###Overview and Philosophy  

{:class="full"}
Building a rapport with clients is the cornerstone of my practice.  Consequently, I work hard to establish a strong basis for mutual trust.  Each client and case is unique and that is how I approach them, with the personal care and attention they deserve, something you will not find at a larger, multi-departmental law firm. Additionally, I believe that the best way to solve a legal dispute is to avoid it in the first place.  That is why I urge a thorough review of terms and conditions associated with any new venture. If my services are retained from the outset, I will take steps to minimize and avoid risks. However, if an issue subsequently arises or if one already exists prior to my involvement, I will resolve it as pragmatically and cost effectively as possible, while remaining sensitive to my client's conflict exposure and need for a quick resolution.

###About Me

I am licensed to practice in all California State Courts and the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of California

* Juris Doctorate from McGeorge School of Law, University of the Pacific - 1991.
* Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, with concentrations in Finance and Real Estate from California State University Sacramento - 1979.
* Member of the State Bar of California, Sacramento County Bar, McGeorge Law School Alumni Association, CSUS Alumni Association, California Lawyers for the Arts, Italian Cultural Society of Sacramento and the Anthony M. Kennedy American Inn of Court.
* Active artist (primarily oil painting), avid golfer, dog lover (Jake) and grandfather (Jackson).
