---
title: Legal Services
css: detail-custom
type:
image:
category: legal services
layout: detail
permalink: /services/
---

{:id="estate-planning"}
###Estate Planning, Wills, and Trusts

I am especially sensitive to accommodating the special wishes of my clients and preserving their wealth for intended beneficiaries, ensuring the effective transfer of property, avoiding probate, maintaining privacy, simplifying estate administration, and providing for the welfare of children.

{:id="business-formations"}
###Business Formations and Counseling

Whether it be a corporation, LLC, partnership or sole proprietorship, I not only help clients navigate the entire business formation or acquisition process, I also provide ongoing assistance to ensure the success of your business.  I have extensive experience with employment and personnel matters, operations, regulatory matters, contract drafting and review, facilitating commercial transactions, protecting intellectual property, collecting debts and resolving disputes.  As an attorney with years of hands-on business experience, I understand your needs and can provide the insight and tools to help you reach your goals.  

{:id="transactional-law"}
###Transactional Law

My objective in any transaction is to make not break the deal.  Additionally, I focus on issue spotting and the prevention of future problems. Transactions can range from simple sales one-page agreements between individuals to highly complex commercial arrangements between multiple parties. Successful transactions often require creativity, review, counseling, astute negotiation and detailed document drafting to ensure the outcome my clients desire.    

{:id="real-estate"}
###Real Estate

I represent clients in various real estate matters, including sales and purchase agreements for developed and undeveloped properties, exchanges, residential and commercial building leases and ground leases, and documentation of licenses and easements.  Whether through negotiation or litigation, I resolve landlord/ tenant disputes, boundary and easement conflicts, nuisance claims, breach of purchase contracts, agent/broker liability matters and title issues.  

{:id="construction-law"}
###Construction Law
I represent owners, general contractors, subcontractors, suppliers, and design professionals in all aspects of the construction process from the preparation of contracts to the resolution of any type of dispute. My practice areas include construction defect litigation, delay claims and related litigation, insurance coverage and insurance bad faith matters, mechanics liens, stop notices and bond claims, as well as the interpretation and enforcement of private and government contracts.

{:id="labor-employment"}
###Labor and Employment

I counsel clients on pre-employment screening procedures, contracts, wage issues, labor relations, benefit packages and termination procedures. I represent individuals and entities in litigation before the Department of Fair Employment and Housing, the Employment Development Department, the State Labor Commissioner and those involved in disputes regarding wrongful termination, trade secrets, unfair competition, sexual harassment, discrimination and privacy matters.

{:id="art-law"}
###Art Law

I represent both artists and gallery owners in the preparation of contracts, resolution of disputes and protection of artistic works and property. I advise artists regarding the production of public art and negotiate agreements with public agencies. I provide licensing of artistic work advice and prepare licensing, assignment and non-disclosure agreements. In the event of an infringement claim, I prepare cease-and-desist letters and, if necessary, act as legal counsel during litigation.   

{:id="admin-law"}
###Administrative Law

I handle licensing and disciplinary matters before regulatory agencies such as the Contractors' State License Board, the Bureau of Automotive Repair or the Department of Real Estate. My representation includes counseling, appearing with clients at investigatory interviews and, if required, representing licensed professionals in administrative trials.  

{:id="litigation"}
###Civil Disputes and Litigation

I represent clients in corporate, partnership and contractual disputes, environmental, personal injury and product liability claims, employment issues, construction defects, malpractice, intellectual property and real estate disputes, insurance bad faith, trade secret matters, unfair competition disputes, ADA violations and discrimination/harassment claims.
